Another key area of network management planning is knowing how to build and leverage reports.
Now, the NPM report writer makes it quite easy to create various types of reports, but it's worthwhile
having a look at seeing which reports are available for you and how you can customize those for different
business requirements.
Now, baselines are important when you're doing capacity planning or doing service level agreement or
SLA management.
You also want to think about things such as availability, which means how much a network is up during
that period of measurement.
You also want to think about performance and capacity planning as an example, with availability, you
need to understand the term 5 9s or 4 9s.
What 5 9s simply means is that during the period of a year, as an example, the network is up
99.999% of the time.
In other words, there are five nines in that number.
That equates to about five minutes of downtime per year.